doc: pdate `readme.md` with features and some main feature code sinppets (#1154)
camel-ai/camel: README.md

Replace `<insert your OpenAI API key>` with your actual OpenAI API key in each case. Make sure there are no spaces around the `=` sign.

Please note that the environment variable is session-specific. If you open a new terminal window or tab, you will need to set the API key again in that new session.

After setting the OpenAI API key, you can run the `role_playing.py` script. Find tasks for various assistant-user roles [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/194PPaSTBR07m-PzjS-Ty6KlPLdFIPQDd/view?usp=share_link).

```bash
# You can change the role pair and initial prompt in role_playing.py
python examples/ai_society/role_playing.py
```

> Also feel free to run any that interest you among these scripts:

Reviewer: This seems a little bit unclear to me, maybe
```suggestion
Also feel free to run any scripts below that interest you:
```
